In this section, we're gonna talk about
post-connection attacks, so attacks that you can do
after connecting to your target network.
Now, it doesn't matter whether the target network
is a WiFi network or a wired, or an Ethernet network.
It really doesn't matter.
As long as you gained access to this network,
as long as you're able to connect to it,
you'll be able to do all of the attacks
that I'm gonna show you in this section.
Now you'll notice, once connected, you can do
so many cool things, so you'll be able to
gather detailed information about all of the clients
connected to the same network.
You'll also be able to intercept data and see
any usernames, passwords or any information
they use on the internet.
You'll be able to modify data as it's being sent
in the air, so you'll be able to inject evil code
and do so many cool things on the network.
Now, to do all of the attacks that I'm gonna show you
in here, you have two options.
The first option is to run the attacks against
a virtual NAT network against the Windows machine.
You just need to make sure that the virtual Windows machine
is connected to the same NAT network as the Kali machine.
Or, you can run the attacks against real computers
connected to your real WiFi network, and you need to
make sure that you have a wireless interface connected
to the Kali machine, and the Kali machine
needs to be connected to your target WiFi network.
Now, throughout this section, I'm actually
gonna be using both options, so I'm gonna be running
some attacks against the WiFi network, and I'll be running
some against my virtual NAT network, just to make sure
that you're comfortable with running all of these attacks
in different environments and in different networks.
Because like I said, it doesn't really matter
how you gained your access to the network,
the network type doesn't really matter, either,
as long as you are able to connect to the target network.